>> Kyle Simpson: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: So
if you were gonna use a less
common type of combinator, say for
your reducer you wanted to multiply
all of them instead of add them,
will you just not use into?
>> Kyle Simpson: You wouldn't use into,
you would use the general transduce and
pass your own in.
Yep, into literally calls transduce with
the properly selected default combinator.
So it's just a shorthand when you're doing
a general transducing that it can select
for you.
Otherwise, you just use the basic
transduce method, okay?
So what you should pattern match against
is, if I start with a couple of slides
ago, a couple of maps, maybe a filter,
maybe a couple of reduces,
pattern match that and say, I need to turn
that into a single transduction, okay?
And then each of the maps and
each of the filters,
I need to convert the way that I am
converting up here on line 6 and line 7.
I need to convert those into this weirdly
shaped thing, it's a proto-reducer,
it's waiting for
a reducer to become a reducer.
I need to shape those into that and
then compose them together.
And that's really actually the hardest
part, which is not even that hard at all.
But that's the hardest part,
is do that and
then simply call our transduce helper and
it takes care of the rest.
Yes?
>> Speaker 3: Just how would you
compose sorting in something like this?
Cuz that's what I always think of is like,
filter sort map-
>> Kyle Simpson: Sorting.
>> Speaker 3: Is there something like?
>> Kyle Simpson: You can
implement sort as a reduce, but
it would be much more complicated.
So that wouldn't be typically something
that you would transduce over, but
it is certainly possible that you
could write that as a reducer, yeah.
Definitely don't use array.sort,
because that's a mutator in place,
that one's not FP safe.
Essentially the technique
that you would use,
now that I'm think about it,
the technique that you would use for
sorting with reduce, is basically
the same thing as mapping with reduce.
Except that you would be
looking at your accumulator and
in doing a sort of insertion sort kind
of thing, you would be mutating, or
you'd be placing stuff in
at the appropriate thing.
So each time you got a new value, you'd
figure out where it went in the new array.
And the end result of that would have been
like a mapping where everything just got
shuffled around.
So yeah, that you could
absolutely implement it that way.
>> Speaker 4: Is a transducer
a higher order reducer then?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes, it is,
a transducer is a higher order reducer,
that's exactly right.
It's probably better than proto reducer,
I was struggling to come up with
the right way to describe it.
It is a higher order reducer,
that's exactly what it is.
>> Speaker 4: Or someone else put
partial reducer, I don't know?
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't
think I would call it that.
>> Kyle Simpson: Partial has some
baggage in functional programming,
I don't know if I would call it that.